add log aggregation in whats new section (#75028)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-next/index.md

Welcome to Grafana Cloud! Read on to learn about the newest changes to Grafana Cloud.

> ## Log Aggregation for Datadog data source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Log aggregation for Datadog data source
```

<!-- Taewoo Kim -->
<!-- OSS, Enterprise -->

_Generally available in Grafana Cloud_

> The Datadoug data source now supports Log Aggregation. This feature helps aggregating logs/events into buckets and compute metrics and timeseries. [Datadog Log Aggregation](/docs/plugins/grafana-datadog-datasource/latest#logs-analytics--aggregation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog data source now supports log aggregation. This feature helps aggregate logs/events into buckets and compute metrics and time series. For more information, refer to [Datadog log aggregation](/docs/plugins/grafana-datadog-datasource/latest#logs-analytics--aggregation).
```
